# Instructions

**Question**
You class has watched a documentary about the need for nations to fund space exploration. You have made the notes below:

Advantages of spending public money on space exploration:

* countries work together to further our understanding of the universe 
* we may discover raw materials 
* possible new living space for the world's growing population 

Some opinions expressed in the documentary: 

* It's human nature to want to understand where we come from. 
* We should stop exploiting natural resources. 
* The world's growing population needs further space to live.

Write an **essay** discussing **TWO** of the advantages given for space exploration in your notes You should **explain which reason is most important**, giving reasons in support of your answer.

You may, if you wish, make use of the opinions expressed in the  documentary, but you should use your own words as far as possible.  (around 220-260 words)

# My essay

Space exploration is a relatively new matter, because it had started only about 70 years ago. It quickly became very important and many countries started to consider launching their own space programs. What are the advantages for space exploration?

The most important advantage is that space exploration is one of the key elements to survival of the human race. The time we can live on Earth is limited and because of that we need to find a way to leave the planet. We are of course talking about far future, but ultimately this is what we need to do. Because of that, we should make the effort to explore space and try to find planets where humanity could settle. It is also worth considering that human population is constantly growing and at some point our home planet could not be enough to fit all of us. Because of that, we need to start the seek for a new place to settle.

Another benefit of exploring the space is the fact that we could encounter new raw materials. On Earth, we have discovered almost all types of natural materials. We then learned to process them and make even newer, synthetic ones. Whilst exploring space, we will get the chance to discover new materials that may be very different from those we know so far. They could have unique properties that were not to ever be seen on Earth. It is worth mentioning that we could also produce synthetic ones out of them. This could make building things on the planet (such as houses, vehicles or roads) cheaper and make them more durable. 

Summing up, I think that the main advantage of space exploration is that it is the only known way for the human race to survive. On that journey, we could also discover new raw materials which could benefit us in a variety of ways. Space exploration is the next big leap in humanity development and we should pursue it.