# Instructions

Write your answer in 220-260 words in an appropriate style.
You have read an online article about changes in the types of subject  taught at secondary schools. The article says that some traditional  subjects may no longer be taught at school. Four of the subjects  discussed are mentioned below, along with some of the readers’ comments.

| Which subjects may no longer be taught at secondary school? |                                                              |
| ----------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Music                                                       | *‘Most students who are interested in music take lessons out of school.’* |
| Geography                                                   | *‘Why do we need to know the names of rivers and mountains around the world?’* |
| History                                                     | *‘It’s all about the past. At schools, we need to be focussing on the future.’* |
| Art                                                         | *‘Art lessons allow kids to explore their creativity.’*      |

Write an essay discussing TWO of the subjects mentioned above. You should explain why you think these subjects **should** **continue to be taught** at secondary schools, **giving reasons** to support your answer. 

You may, if you wish, make use of the opinions expressed by other readers, but you should use your own words as far as possible.

# My essay

According to an article I read online there are some significant changes coming to subjects taught at secondary schools. This results in an abandonment of teaching two of the four subject mentioned in the article, which are Music, Geography, History and Art. I personally think that at school there are subjects of different importance which is why I will try to find the most valuable pair out of the four subjects provided.

The first subject that is in my opinion very important for one's development is Art. Some might find my way of thinking controversial, but I uphold my view, as I believe that art is crucial for a student to develop correctly. School should help children find their inner creativity and help them to pursue it. Creativity is a core part of our lives, it is why we invent new things and improve as a civilization. Art classes will introduce students to different forms of art as well as let them be creative and experiment with art.

Yet another subject that would be here to stay is Geography. I have personally always found this subject interesting, because it is a non-abstract study about the real world. However, I agree that Geography should not be about learning the names of rivers, because it is nonsense knowledge in the modern world, where we have access to the internet. Geography should show kids the beauty of the world and make them want to explore it. It also should provide In that form, I think that it is an important subject, because it provides both 

