# Instructions

You see the following announcement on a website, 'Great Lives':

*Send us a review of a book of film that focuses on somebody who has made an important contribution to society.*

*Did you learn anything new about the person's life from the book of film? Did the book or film help you understand why this person made their important contribution?*

Write your review. 220 - 260 words.

# My review

A positive outcome of a mental illness? 'A Beautiful Mind' is a phenomenal movie about an American mathematician, John Nash. It deeply shows how his life with schizophrenia looked like and how he managed to make new discoveries in Mathematics and Economics while being mentally ill.

When I watched the film, I was fascinated how a life of a person with schizophrenia looks like. It was both scary and incredibly interesting for me to watch how paranoid and delusional a person can be. The life of John Nash was anything but easy. He had to control his hallucinations and always check what is and what is not real. It required a lot of hard work for Nash to make achievements in Maths and Economics, because there was always something that was pulling him back. His silhouette was unknown to me before seeing this film, but after watching it, I got fascinated by him.

The movie made me think why Nash was able to achieve something so great. I have come to the conclusion that he was both very intelligent and hard working. Some of his hard work was to control his delusions. I think this is why he managed to make such great achievements. It was never easy for him to live, so he got used to working hard and because of that, he could do more work in Maths and Economy. 

I would recommend the movie for everyone that likes psychologically interesting characters and complicated plots . 'A Beautiful Mind' is a story of hard work, dedication and fighting mental disease. It is a great film and definitely something everyone should watch.