# Instructions

Which methods governments should use to prepare young people for working life?
 — visits from employers
 — apprentice schemes
 — work-related subjects at school

220 - 260 words

# My essay

Being a teenager is about the transition from living as a careless kid to behaving like a responsible adult. One of the most important parts of being an adult is work. A lot of young people do not know what they want to do in the future and I believe that schools should help them find it. It is as necessary as teaching Maths or English.

A way in which schools could teach students how to behave in a working environment is letting employers visit the schools. Because of that, kids could freely ask questions to learn things beforehand rather than learning them after making a mistake at work. In a workplace, there are certain rules that may not be broken, but at the same time are unclear to young employees. An example of that is how people talk to each other in corporations. They use a specific language that some may call 'corpo talk' or 'corporate lingo'. This is a perfect example of something that is commonly required for a job, but at the same time there is no information about it in a job advertisement.

Schools tend to teach us a lot of different subjects, but when it comes to these practical, work-related ones, there is nothing. A work related subject could benefit students, because they could gain awareness about the skills needed in different professions and the work they actually do. Knowing that, kids could focus more on subjects related to their future job and develop the skills needed for it. The subjects could also help students determine what they want to do in life and present them the advantages and disadvantages of such professions.

All in all, I think

