# My Old Computer

In 2013 I got my first computer. It was truly amazing. I remember being surprised seeing it already being setup on my desk, as I got back home from an English lesson. I immediately fell in love with it. It was fast, it was shiny, it was everything an 8 year old me could ever dream of. 

Its specs were:

Intel Core i7-3770

Nvidia GTX 670

16 GB of DDR3 RAM

and 1 TB HDD Drive

For the time, it was a state-of-the-art machine.

To understand my amazement, you, *The Reader*, should get to know me from the early days. Ever since I remember, I  loved technology. I must've gotten it from my dad. He always wanted to show me around computers and teach me about them. Me, as a young kid was mostly interested in video games. I enjoyed playing some games made in Flash on my dad's laptop, but the gaming revolution in my life happened when my dad got us a PS3. It was an incredible game console and it's still my favourite to this day. My dad wanted me to play every game he played, even the scary ones, so as a 6 year old I was already playing games such as *Assassin's Creen* or *Battlefield*. That's where I acquired a thing for video games. That could've also been what caused an irreversible harm done to my mental health. You can now feel my excitement, when I found out, that my new PC can smoothly run *Minecraft*.

I quickly realised, that games weren't the only thing this computer could run very well. That's about the time I discovered programming. For my young brain, it seemed extremely difficult, so I wanted to start with something easier than that. Also, I wasn't too much into coding crappy-looking CMD applications. I went on an internet surfing journey, looking for things you can do on a powerful computer. That's when I discovered Adobe Photoshop and HTML. Although those two aren't directly connected, I was amazed by the idea of creating art using a computer. That was probably one of the very important moments of my life. To this day, I feel the power and freedom of creation every time I open a new PSD file or any text editor. And to this very day I'm still a computer enthusiast. 

The idea to write this essay came to me when I finally decided to sell my computer. I've always been quite emotional when it comes to computers. Having that in mind, I upheld my decision to sell my old computer. For the past two years, I've been using a 2017 MacBook Pro as my main unit, but it lacked power. It mostly struck me, when I tried learning new things, such as training AI or doing some coding. The MacBook couldn't also keep up with my Photoshop projects getting bigger and more advanced. Because of that, I purchased a new computer. A Razer Blade 15 Advanced Model. It's perfect. It has everything I want my computer to have and adds even more to that. It's somewhat of a synergy of my old PC and MacBook. The perfect balance between portability and raw power. To this time, I kept my old machine under the desk, when I wanted to play a game or two or needed to do something, that requires a powerful GPU, such as my {machine learning project}. However, when I have the great computing power at my disposal, then I don't need to still own it. Someone else should get it and make use of it, as I did these couple years ago. 

When people ask me on my approach to computers, I always compare them to homes. I find computers rather as a type of a virtual homes than emotionless machines. That approach could be unhealthy or at least weird, but I don't find binding emotions to computers any different to binding emotions to houses. And the second thing is - I believe - quite popular. When I had to pick my next computer, I felt like I was moving away. That feeling must've been very strong, as I have lived in the same house for my entire life. 

got the second wind