# Instructions

You have attended a Science Club lecture on how schools could encourage young people to train for careers in science. You have made the notes below.

Ways in which schools should encourage young people to train for careers in science.

* enjoyable science lessons
* careers advice
* guest lectures form professional scientists

Some opinions expressed in the discussion:

* 'Kids should be able to design their own experiments'
* 'A lot of the careers advice given is already out of date'
* 'A lot of the scientists are too busy to spend time visiting school'

Write an essay for your tutor, discussing two of the methods in your notes. You should explain which method you think is more important for governments to consider, giving reasons to support your opinion.

You may, if you wish make use of the opinions expressed during the discussion but you should use your own words as far as possible.

Write your essay in 220-260 words in an appropriate style.

# My essay

Science is a study of the future. If not for it, our everyday lives would be very much different. Therefore, I think that students should be encouraged to learn it and train for careers in science.

A great way in which we could encourage children to learn science is making science lessons more enjoyable. It is not common for those type of lesson at school to be boring and meaningless for students. If we make the extra effort and try to make them more interesting, for example, by conducting more experiments, then students might become more interested in them. Experiencing Chemistry or Physics experiments in real life is exciting and might get kids hooked on the particular subject. I think it is very important for governments to consider, because I believe that it is the most efficient and fun way to learn science.

What is a better way to learn science then directly from scientists? After all, they are the people that try to make new discoveries in their field. Guest lectures from professional scientists would most likely get students more interested in a subject. In such a lecture, students would get the chance to ask questions about working as a scientist as well as get the most recent information about some areas of science, as books might be a little bit outdated in some points.

Summing up, I think that we should encourage students to train for a career in science. We could do that by making learning Science more practical by conducting more experiments in real life. Another, additional way could be to host guest lectures from professional scientists at school, because then kids would get the change to ask what working as a scientist is like.