# Instructions:

You must answer this question. Write your answer in 220-260 words in an appropriate style

Your class has had a discussion about the importance of physical exercise for young children. You have made the notes below:

- health
- education
- entertainment

Some opinions expressed in the discussion:

"P.E. classes are always the best part of the day"

"Children can develop healthy habits from a young age"

"Exercise provides oxygen to the brain and helps children learn better"

Write an essay for your tutor discussing two of the ways in which physical exercise for young children is important from your notes. You should explain which way you think is more important, providing reasons for your opionin.

You may, if you wish, make use of the opinions expressed in the discussion, but you should use your own words as  fast as possible.

# My essay:

Children's physical exercise is a hot debate going on in the modern world. Many think children should spend their time being physically active, rather than dedicating the most of their leisure to their smartphones. I agree that we should encourage kids to try new sports, as it is important for them for the following reasons.

Undoubtedly, the biggest benefit of leading a physically active lifestyle is one's health. Nowadays, people tend to have less exercise than in the past. It is like that, because our lives have become more conformist and modern technology saves us a lot of overall trouble. Having that in mind, children might not receive the proper role model from their parents, which might result in them repeating the same mistakes in the future.

Yet another important advantage of physical exercise for children would be their entertainment. Many kids love being among their peers and team sports is all about that. That would not only grant them a massive amount of fun, but also could show them that is can be as enjoyable as using their smartphones, what would encourage them to do even more sports.