# Instructions

You recently stayed at one of a chain of large hotels and encountered a number of problems during your stay. Write a letter to the company’s head office detailing the problems you had, describing what happened when you complained to the hotel staff and suggesting ways the company could improve its service. **(CAE 220-260 words)**

# My essay

Dear Sir or Madam, 

I am writing this letter because I was unfortunate to encounter a problem in one of your hotels in Palo Alto. I stayed there for two days, the first one went perfectly, the staff were nice and the food was amazing. On the other day however, I was utterly disenchanted with the hotel, as no one came to clean my room! It might not seem like a big problem, but I really need a clean space to be able to function. Of course I called the reception immediately and they assured me that they will send someone to clean my room. If the story ended like this, I wouldn't even have to write this letter. Unfortunately, it did not. I was waiting for hours for somebody to clean my room, but nobody came, so I decided to do it myself. When I looked closer at the surfaces in the room while cleaning it, I realized it looked like nobody cleaned it for at least a week! I know it might sound trivial or funny, but I would expect something more from a four star hotel than a dirty room and lack of assistance from the staff. I am quite sure that this was some kind of misunderstanding, but I would like to hear your explanation for this matter.

Kind regards,

xyz