# Instructions

Your company would like to offer work-experience placements to students in an international college. Write a letter for publication in the student newspaper at the collage.

Your letter should explain what your company does, what kind of work-experience placements are available, and how students would benefit from the experience.

Write your letter in 220-260 words in an appropriate style.

# My letter

Dear students, my name is XYZ and I am the CEO of MoonTech, a company which develops mobile applications. I am writing this letter, because I want to offer you work-experience placements at the headquarters of my company in Palo Alto.

The main focus of MoonTech is to develop mobile applications that connect people and help them solve problems. We are currently developing an application that finds all dog owners in your area and enables to you arrange dog walking sessions with them. The project is still in its early stages, which is why it is a phenomenal time to join us.

Currently we are looking for front-end and back-end developers, as well as UI / UX designers to watch the process and learn for themselves. We have most of the work ahead of us, which is why you will have the chance to see each step of creating an application.

Our future intern developers will work among some of the best programmers in the world. They will also have the chance to see how code management is done in big companies and how coders collaborate on projects. You will learn technologies such as React.js or Git. Designers, on the other hand, will learn a lot about users' behaviour when using a mobile application and how to create interfaces that are familiar and easy to use.

I would love to see you come to Palo Alto and work with us. Make sure to submit your application form on www.moontech.com before the 15th of May. The best performing intern will be offered a job at our company after he finishes collage.

Kind regards,

XYZ