# Instructions

An international development agency has been looking into attitudes to ageing around the world. The research director has asked you to conduct a survey and write a report. Your report should discuss how young people where you live feel about older people in the community and the prospect of growing older themselves. You have also been asked to make recommendations about how attitudes could be changed.

Write your report in 220-260 words in an appropriate style.

# My report

## Introduction

The main purpose of this report is to present how young people in Poland feel about the prospect of growing older themselves and how they feel about older people in the community. To gather the information, I have conducted a survey on which the report is based.

## How do young people feel about older people?

From the survey I conducted, it is clear that most people feel respectful and thankful for the previous generations, but of course there were some exceptions to this. 14% of the people asked said that they feel annoyed by the elderly. 22% described as their approach to them as 'neutral', yet the remaining 64% claimed that they are 'respectful' towards the elderly. The shocking annoyance of 14% of the people was mostly caused by the fact that they are often judged by older people and don't feel like they are on the same page.

## Are young people scared of growing old?

Based on the survey I conducted, I come to the conclusion that most young people don't think about getting old. Most of them are focused on their everyday lives and their nearest future. 83% of them have never thought about their retirement and yet only 4.3% claims that they think about being old everyday. Because of that, it is safe to say that most young people are living in the present and therefore are either not aware or not scared of growing old.

## Conclusion

Most young people feel respectful towards older generations and are not scared of growing old themselves. Both young and old people, however, could try to find a way to communicate better and as a result become more aware of each other's needs. It is important to be open to people of all generations and learn from them.

